feat: add smart pointer concept (#824)
exercism/cpp: concepts/smart-pointers/introduction.md

# Introduction

Smart pointers are a modern C++ feature designed to provide automatic memory management, helping to prevent memory leaks and dangling pointers commonly associated with raw pointers.
They act as wrappers around raw pointers, adding additional functionality such as automatic memory deallocation when the pointer is no longer needed.

## General Syntax

> Smart pointers are typically implemented as template classes in the C++ standard library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart pointers are typically implemented as class templates in the C++ standard library.
```
The official term is "class template" not "template class".

The two most commonly used smart pointers are `std::unique_ptr` and `std::shared_ptr`. 

```cpp
#include <memory>

> // Declaring a unique pointer

Reviewer: Here and in the rest of the file: 
Yes, that's a a declaration but probably more importantly: it's also a definition.

std::unique_ptr<int> ptr = std::make_unique<int>(42);

// Declaring a shared pointer
std::shared_ptr<std::string> strPtr = std::make_shared<std::string>("Hello, world!");
```

## Unique Pointers

`std::unique_ptr` is a smart pointer that owns the object exclusively.
It ensures that at any given time, only one `std::unique_ptr` object owns the resource.

> When the owning `std::unique_ptr` is destroyed or reset, it automatically releases the memory it owns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the owning `std::unique_ptr` is destroyed or reset, it automatically destructs the objects and releases its memory.
```

```cpp
// Declaring a unique pointer to a dynamically allocated integer
std::unique_ptr<int> numPtr = std::make_unique<int>(42);

// Unique pointers cannot be copied or assigned
std::unique_ptr<int> anotherPtr = numPtr; // Error: Cannot copy a unique_ptr
```

## Advantages of `std::make_unique()`

When creating a `std::unique_ptr`, it's preferable to use `std::make_unique()` instead of directly using `new` to allocate memory.
`std::make_unique()` provides several advantages:
1. **Exception Safety**: `std::make_unique()` guarantees exception safety.
  If an exception is thrown during the construction of the object, memory will be automatically deallocated, preventing memory leaks.
2. **Clarity**: Using `std::make_unique()` makes code clearer and more concise.
  It eliminates the need to explicitly specify the type being allocated, as the template arguments are deduced automatically.
3. **Optimization Opportunities**: Compilers have the opportunity to optimize `std::make_unique()` more effectively than manually allocating memory with `new`, potentially resulting in improved performance.

> 4. **Avoiding Misuse**: Deleting the underlying resource of is possible, when the `std::unique_ptr` is constructed manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Avoiding Misuse**: Deleting the underlying resource is possible, when the `std::unique_ptr` is constructed manually.
```

>   That would lead to undefined behavior, when the when the `std::unique_ptr` tries to delete it at its end of scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  That would lead to undefined behavior, when the `std::unique_ptr` tries to delete it at its end of scope.
```
